$global
keyfile interactions.key
energy_unit kilocalories_per_mole
$end
 
$system
name water
geometry water_La.xyz
$end
 
$system
name La
geometry La.xyz
$end
 
$system
name aa
geometry La_water_1-0.xyz
$end
 
$system
name ab
geometry La_water_1-1.xyz
$end
 
$system
name ac
geometry La_water_1-2.xyz
$end
 
$system
name ad
geometry La_water_1-3.xyz
$end
 
$system
name ae
geometry La_water_1-4.xyz
$end
 
$system
name af
geometry La_water_1-5.xyz
$end
 
$system
name ag
geometry La_water_1-6.xyz
$end
 
$system
name ah
geometry La_water_1-7.xyz
$end
 
$system
name ai
geometry La_water_1-8.xyz
$end
 
$system
name aj
geometry La_water_1-9.xyz
$end
 
$system
name ak
geometry La_water_2-0.xyz
$end
 
$system
name al
geometry La_water_2-1.xyz
$end
 
$system
name am
geometry La_water_2-2.xyz
$end
 
$system
name an
geometry La_water_2-3.xyz
$end
 
$system
name ao
geometry La_water_2-4.xyz
$end
 
$system
name ap
geometry La_water_2-5.xyz
$end
 
$system
name aq
geometry La_water_2-6.xyz
$end
 
$system
name ar
geometry La_water_2-7.xyz
$end
 
$system
name as
geometry La_water_2-8.xyz
$end
 
$system
name at
geometry La_water_2-9.xyz
$end
 
$system
name au
geometry La_water_3-0.xyz
$end
 
$system
name av
geometry La_water_3-1.xyz
$end
 
$system
name aw
geometry La_water_3-2.xyz
$end
 
$system
name ax
geometry La_water_3-3.xyz
$end
 
$system
name ay
geometry La_water_3-4.xyz
$end
 
$system
name az
geometry La_water_3-5.xyz
$end
 
$interaction
name BE_aa
equation aa - water - La
energy 1533.33
weight 1.0
$end
 
$interaction
name BE_ab
equation ab - water - La
energy 958.08
weight 1.0
$end
 
$interaction
name BE_ac
equation ac - water - La
energy 600.83
weight 1.0
$end
 
$interaction
name BE_ad
equation ad - water - La
energy 371.47
weight 1.0
$end
 
$interaction
name BE_ae
equation ae - water - La
energy 217.69
weight 1.0
$end
 
$interaction
name BE_af
equation af - water - La
energy 110.87
weight 1.0
$end
 
$interaction
name BE_ag
equation ag - water - La
energy 35.74
weight 1.0
$end
 
$interaction
name BE_ah
equation ah - water - La
energy -16.56
weight 1.0
$end
 
$interaction
name BE_ai
equation ai - water - La
energy -51.97
weight 1.0
$end
 
$interaction
name BE_aj
equation aj - water - La
energy -74.92
weight 1.0
$end
 
$interaction
name BE_ak
equation ak - water - La
energy -88.84
weight 1.0
$end
 
$interaction
name BE_al
equation al - water - La
energy -96.34
weight 50.0
$end
 
$interaction
name BE_am
equation am - water - La
energy -99.38
weight 100.0
$end
 
$interaction
name BE_an
equation an - water - La
energy -99.38
weight 100.0
$end
 
$interaction
name BE_ao
equation ao - water - La
energy -97.41
weight 50.0
$end
 
$interaction
name BE_ap
equation ap - water - La
energy -94.19
weight 10.0
$end
 
$interaction
name BE_aq
equation aq - water - La
energy -90.25
weight 1.0
$end
 
$interaction
name BE_ar
equation ar - water - La
energy -85.97
weight 1.0
$end
 
$interaction
name BE_as
equation as - water - La
energy -81.61
weight 1.0
$end
 
$interaction
name BE_at
equation at - water - La
energy -77.37
weight 1.0
$end
 
$interaction
name BE_au
equation au - water - La
energy -73.42
weight 1.0
$end
 
$interaction
name BE_av
equation av - water - La
energy -69.85
weight 1.0
$end
 
$interaction
name BE_aw
equation aw - water - La
energy -66.71
weight 1.0
$end
 
$interaction
name BE_ax
equation ax - water - La
energy -64.02
weight 1.0
$end
 
$interaction
name BE_ay
equation ay - water - La
energy -61.75
weight 1.0
$end
 
$interaction
name BE_az
equation az - water - La
energy -59.88
weight 1.0
$end
 
